Fixed odd behavior of inverse_of with multiple belongs_to to same class (#40643)
rails/rails: activerecord/CHANGELOG.md

> *   Fixed odd behavior of inverse_of with multiple belongs_to to same class #35204

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Fix odd behavior of inverse_of with multiple belongs_to to same class.

    Fixes #35204.
```

Ref https://edgeguides.rubyonrails.org/contributing_to_ruby_on_rails.html#updating-the-changelog

Author: Thank you. I fixed.
